Golden Rod (drew+)
February 28th 2030 @ 4pm
- left to up corner river acre + good lake or bridge near lake
- Chores > move item 1 down before re-entry > rod code
 
u V V e E e @ s j J x J p r
B F r b 2 H O x x q z a b M

Loach
Pond Smelt
Bitterling
Dace?
Koi
Stringfish

Loach: If you are unlucky (1/6 chance), you will be completely unable to get a Loach right now. In order to single out Loach, throw further from the fish, as Loach vision is much better than the other tinies. If you get Stringfish really quickly, you can go forward 2 days to grab it quickly along with Koi. If you do this, try for other spring fish aswell.
Stringfish: Odds very well could be lower because of the month switch, but my experience with it has not been too bad :)
Koi: Either force it here or later. Shadow based odds are much more in your favor here than in July (10% vs 2.7%). If you need to go to March, get Koi in March, as you will likely see Cherry Salmon and Rainbow Trout at the same time.
Dace: If you get an insane Arowana in June, finding Dace is just a dumb timeloss you want to avoid. Get Dace here so it's not a potential issue later!

June 1st 2029 @ 3:45-50pm

The goal here is to catch all required fish and then flip into 4pm to catch fish needed there. This is very precise, and probably won't work but it's worth an attempt if you are trying to be optimal. It might cost a couple seconds but in my opinion I think it's worth it.
You can set time to whatever you want, but I think 3:50-3:45 is the best, if you are going for WR times, 3:50 is optimal.

- If you get all the fish too early, save and quit and go forward to 4pm. 
- If you get all the fish too late, get the 4pm fish first then go back. 
- If you are close and need to kill some time, then catch pond fish or other fish

Guppy
Popeyed Goldfish
Pale Chub
Bluegill
Brook Trout
Giant Snakehead

Fish for Killing Time:

Killifish
Frog
Crawfish
Crucian Carp
Small Bass
Bass
Barbel Steed
Large Bass

June 1st 2029 @ 4pm

Angelfish
Arowana
Cherry Salmon
Rainbow Trout
Large Char
Large Bass

Angelfish and Arowana both have bad shadow based odds here, but this route does have serious potential to be fast. That being said, if you get very fast Arowana and fast spring fish, and you did get the June date skip, I feel like it's worth it to go to 3am and grab both Piranha and Angelfish!

August 31st 2028 @ 23:59
Jellyfish

Quickly go to the Ocean to get the Jellyfish, and wait for time to change

September 1st 2028 @ 00:00
Red Snapper
Barred Knifejaw
Coelacanth
Goldfish
Piranha*
Arapaima*
Salmon

Fish marked with * are better to get during July Night, but they can show up here with slightly smaller percentages.
If you do not get rain, then either pray there is rain during July or go down a year.

July 1st 2028 @ 11pm

Piranha
Sweetfish
Eel
Catfish
Arapaima
Giant Catfish
Killifish
Frog
Crawfish
Sea Bass

Pond fish may have already been caught if you needed to kill time earlier.
Any remaining fish need to be caught now, as this is the final split.
After getting the final fish, reload and get the Golden Rod.